Changing codestyle logic with arrows (#131)
cqfn/diKTat: info/diktat-kotlin-coding-style-guide-en.md

 #### <a name="r3.3"></a>Rule 3.3 Braces must be used in conditional statements and loop blocks

1) In `if`, `else`, `for`, `do`, and `while` statements, even if the program body is empty or contains only one statement, braces should be used.
In special Kotlin `when` statement no need to use braces for statements with 1 line. Valid example:

    ```kotlin
    when (node.elementType) {
        FILE -> {
            checkTopLevelDoc(node)
            checkSomething()
         }
        CLASS -> checkClassElements(node)
    }
    ```
**Exception:** *Only* The only exception is ternary operator in Kotlin (it is a single line `if () <> else <>` ) 
When the entire expression can be 

> 2) No need to use braces for the body of lambdas and when-conditions (after an arrow)

Author: not supported in diktat - need to create an issue

Reviewer: https://github.com/cqfn/diKTat/issues/132

Reviewer: Also, I think you should place this requirement after examples of ternary if-else?

  
Bad example:

```kotlin
val value = if (string.isEmpty())  // WRONG!
                0
            else
                1

> 

Reviewer: I still think that mixing examples on lambdas and ternary if-else seems misleading for readers.

4) Supertype lists: \
   a) 4 spaces if colon before supertype list is on new line \
   b) 4 spaces before each supertype; 8 if colon is on new line

> 5) When statements - 8 spaces are used to indent condition branches: (`CONDITION -> foo()`) 

Author: not supported in diktat? - need to create an issue

Reviewer: Do you mean indentation inside block that follows an arrow, or if single statement starts on a new line? Like
```
condition -> {
        // indent with 8 spaces
        foo()
        bar()
}
```
This case should be covered: both opening braces increase indentation by 4 spaces.

Author: no, my bad, it is a bug

#### <a name="r3.6"></a>Rule 3.6 line break style rules if the line is split

1. Compared to Java Kotlin allows not to put semicolon (';') after each statement separated by newline.
 There should be no redundant semicolon at the end of lines.
 
 In case when newline is needed to split the line, it should be placed after operators like &&/||/+/e.t.c
 But newline should be placed before operators like ('.', '?.', '?:', '::', e.t.c), operator !! should not be separated from the value it is checking.
 

>  Note, that you need to follow functional style:
>  ```kotlin
>     val value = otherValue!!
>             .map(x -> x)
>             .filter(true)
>             .size      
>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Note, that you need to follow functional style (i.e. each call with `.` should start at a new line):
 ```kotlin
    val value = otherValue!!
            .map(x -> x)
            .filter {
                true
            }
            .size      
 ```
```
I suggest making this part more verbose and explicitly stating that dot cannot follow closing brace of lambda (for me it was not obvious at first).

#### <a name="r3.6"></a>Rule 3.6 line break style rules if the line is split

> 1. Compared to Java Kotlin allows not to to put semicolumn (';') after each statement separated by newline.
>  There should be no redundant semicolumn at the end of lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Compared to Java Kotlin allows not to to put semicolon (';') after each statement separated by newline.
 There should be no redundant semicolon at the end of lines.
```

Author: fixed

 
 In case when newline is needed to split the line, it should be placed after operators like &&/||/+/e.t.c

>  But newline should be placed before operators like ('.', '?.', '?:', '::', e.t.c), operator !! should not be separated from the value it is checking.

Reviewer: Also, why isn't `!!` listed with other operators that need newline after them? I don't see any differences in requirements. I guess separating `!!` won't even compile.

Author: ```
a!! // here you use operator - it is separated from dot, it has absolutely different logic and meaning than `.?` or `.`
    .map{}
```

Author: `!!` differs completely with unbreakable operators like `?.` as it is not related to `.`

Reviewer: Yes, I mean what is negative example in this case? What is 'separated from the value it is checking'? Is it something like
```
a
    !!.map { }
```
?

Author: yes, exactly 
a

Reviewer: As far as I can tell, kotlin doesn't allow to write like this: `!!` can be separated from corresponding object by spaces, not by newlines. This example compiles:
```
a    !!.map { }
```
While your example doesn't.
Or am I missing something here?

Author: yes, looks that it cannot be compiled, but such code should be fixed to my mind:
```
a!!.map {}.map{}.map{}
```

to this one:
```
a!!
    .map{}
    .map{}
    .map{}
```

Is this the case for you?

Reviewer: Yes, sure, it's just that wording was a little misleading at first.

Author: @petertrr please also be careful that you should not do the following:
```
a!!.map{}
    .map{}
    .map{}
```

 
 Note, that you need to follow functional style:
 ```kotlin
    val value = otherValue!!
            .map(x -> x)
            .filter(true)
            .size      

>  ```

Reviewer: We also wanted to add exception on ternary if-else here, like
```
         if (condition) list.map { foo(it) }.filter { bar(it) } else list.drop(1)
```

Author: added

  
2. Newline should be placed after assignment operator ('=')
3. The name of a function or constructor should not be split by a newline from the opening brace '('. Brace follows immediately after the name without any spaces.   
4. Newline should be placed right after the comma (',')
5. In lambda statements and `when` conditions, if it's body contains more than one line, the newline should be placed after an arrow. See examples below:

Bad example:
```kotlin
    value.map { name -> foo()
        bar()
    }
```

Recommended examples：
```kotlin
when (node.elementType) {
         SOMETHING -> 
             foo()

>              bar()

Reviewer: I don't think multiple statements can be not wrapped in braces - at least I couldn't make similar compilable example.

Author: yes, true, will fix it now
